README.md, before:

# macOS Agent Host (menu bar UI driver)

This repo contains a minimal macOS menu bar app (AnemllAgentHost) that exposes a localhost HTTP API for UI automation (screenshot, click, type). The instructions below are formatted for Claude Code/Codex to use the service via SSH + curl.

## Claude Code/Codex Instructions

### Preconditions
1) The GUI app AnemllAgentHost is running in the logged-in macOS session (menu bar icon visible).
2) In the app UI, both are green:
   - Screen Recording: Allowed
   - Accessibility: Allowed
3) The server is running (UI shows Running) and listening on:
   - http://127.0.0.1:8765
4) You have the Bearer token from the app UI.

Important: The HTTP server is localhost only. Commands must run on the same Mac that is running AnemllAgentHost. If Claude is on another machine, SSH into the target Mac and run curl there.

### Environment setup (one-time per shell)

```sh
export ANEMLL_HOST="http://127.0.0.1:8765"
export ANEMLL_TOKEN="PASTE_TOKEN_FROM_MENU_APP"

# sanity check
echo "HOST=$ANEMLL_HOST"
echo "TOKEN=[$ANEMLL_TOKEN]"
```

### 0) Verify you are on the right machine + server

```sh
hostname
lsof -nP -iTCP:8765 -sTCP:LISTEN
```

Expected: AnemllAgentHost is the process listening.

### 1) Health check

```sh
curl -s \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" \
  "$ANEMLL_HOST/health"
```

Expected:

```json
{"ok":true}
```

If you get `{"error":"unauthorized"}` then the token in the shell does not match the token shown in the app UI (or you are on the wrong Mac).

### 2) Take a screenshot

This writes a PNG to `/tmp/anemll_last.png` and returns metadata JSON.

```sh
curl -s \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" \
  -X POST "$ANEMLL_HOST/screenshot" | python -m json.tool

ls -l /tmp/anemll_last.png
```

Claude workflow: After calling `/screenshot`, read `/tmp/anemll_last.png` and decide the next action based on the UI state.

### 3) Click at coordinates (x,y)

```sh
curl -s \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -X POST "$ANEMLL_HOST/click" \
  -d '{"x":960,"y":540}'
```

Notes:
- Coordinates are global screen coordinates.
- If clicks land wrong, take a screenshot and adjust. A `/mouse` endpoint can be added later for calibration.

### 4) Type text into the currently focused control

```sh
curl -s \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -X POST "$ANEMLL_HOST/type" \
  -d '{"text":"Hello from Claude Code"}'
```

### Suggested automation loop (Claude should follow this pattern)
1) POST /screenshot
2) Inspect /tmp/anemll_last.png
3) Decide next action (click, type, etc.)
4) Repeat until goal state is reached
5) After each action, take another screenshot to confirm

Example loop skeleton:

```sh
# 1) screenshot
curl -s -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" -X POST "$ANEMLL_HOST/screenshot" >/dev/null

# 2) (Claude analyzes /tmp/anemll_last.png)

# 3) action
curl -s -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -X POST "$ANEMLL_HOST/click" -d '{"x":200,"y":150}' >/dev/null

# 4) screenshot again
curl -s -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" -X POST "$ANEMLL_HOST/screenshot" >/dev/null
```

### Troubleshooting

If `/health` returns unauthorized:
- Token mismatch or wrong machine.
- Fix:
  - Copy the token from the menu app UI.
  - Re-export:

```sh
export ANEMLL_TOKEN="TOKEN_FROM_UI"
```

- Confirm process listening:

```sh
lsof -nP -iTCP:8765 -sTCP:LISTEN
```

If `/screenshot` returns `screenCaptureNotAllowed`:
- Screen Recording permission not granted to the GUI app.
- Fix:
  - System Settings -> Privacy and Security -> Screen and System Audio Recording -> enable AnemllAgentHost
  - Quit and relaunch app

If click/type does not do anything:
- Accessibility permission missing (or target app blocks automation).
- Fix:
  - System Settings -> Privacy and Security -> Accessibility -> enable AnemllAgentHost
  - Quit and relaunch app

### Safety constraints (Claude must follow)
- Only interact with apps/windows you explicitly intend to test.
- Prefer small, reversible actions.
- After any action that changes state, immediately take a screenshot to confirm.
- Do not type secrets into UI fields unless explicitly instructed.

### Optional
If you want, add a small CLI wrapper (e.g., `ui.sh`) so Claude calls `ui shot`, `ui click 100 200`, `ui type "hi"` instead of raw curl.

Commit message:

Add cursor overlay and mouse move helpers

README.md, after:

# macOS Agent Host (menu bar UI driver)

This repo contains a minimal macOS menu bar app (AnemllAgentHost) that exposes a localhost HTTP API for UI automation (screenshot, click, type). The instructions below are formatted for Claude Code/Codex to use the service via SSH + curl.

## Claude Code/Codex Instructions

### Preconditions
1) The GUI app AnemllAgentHost is running in the logged-in macOS session (menu bar icon visible).
2) In the app UI, both are green:
   - Screen Recording: Allowed
   - Accessibility: Allowed
3) The server is running (UI shows Running) and listening on:
   - http://127.0.0.1:8765
4) You have the Bearer token from the app UI.

Important: The HTTP server is localhost only. Commands must run on the same Mac that is running AnemllAgentHost. If Claude is on another machine, SSH into the target Mac and run curl there.

Optional: Turn on "Show Cursor Overlay" in the menu app UI to draw a small red ring at the current cursor location. This makes the cursor visible in screenshots for alignment/debugging.

### Environment setup (one-time per shell)

```sh
export ANEMLL_HOST="http://127.0.0.1:8765"
export ANEMLL_TOKEN="PASTE_TOKEN_FROM_MENU_APP"

# sanity check
echo "HOST=$ANEMLL_HOST"
echo "TOKEN=[$ANEMLL_TOKEN]"
```

### 0) Verify you are on the right machine + server

```sh
hostname
lsof -nP -iTCP:8765 -sTCP:LISTEN
```

Expected: AnemllAgentHost is the process listening.

### 1) Health check

```sh
curl -s \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" \
  "$ANEMLL_HOST/health"
```

Expected:

```json
{"ok":true}
```

If you get `{"error":"unauthorized"}` then the token in the shell does not match the token shown in the app UI (or you are on the wrong Mac).

### 2) Take a screenshot

This writes a PNG to `/tmp/anemll_last.png` and returns metadata JSON.

```sh
curl -s \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" \
  -X POST "$ANEMLL_HOST/screenshot" | python -m json.tool

ls -l /tmp/anemll_last.png
```

Claude workflow: After calling `/screenshot`, read `/tmp/anemll_last.png` and decide the next action based on the UI state.

### 3) Click at coordinates (x,y)

```sh
curl -s \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -X POST "$ANEMLL_HOST/click" \
  -d '{"x":960,"y":540}'
```

Notes:
- Coordinates are global screen coordinates.
- If clicks land wrong, take a screenshot and adjust. A `/mouse` endpoint can be added later for calibration.

### 4) Type text into the currently focused control

```sh
curl -s \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -X POST "$ANEMLL_HOST/type" \
  -d '{"text":"Hello from Claude Code"}'
```

### 5) Move mouse to coordinates (x,y)

```sh
curl -s \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -X POST "$ANEMLL_HOST/move" \
  -d '{"x":960,"y":540}'
```

### 6) Read current mouse position

```sh
curl -s \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" \
  "$ANEMLL_HOST/mouse"
```

### Suggested automation loop (Claude should follow this pattern)
1) POST /screenshot
2) Inspect /tmp/anemll_last.png
3) Decide next action (click, type, etc.)
4) Repeat until goal state is reached
5) After each action, take another screenshot to confirm

Example loop skeleton:

```sh
# 1) screenshot
curl -s -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" -X POST "$ANEMLL_HOST/screenshot" >/dev/null

# 2) (Claude analyzes /tmp/anemll_last.png)

# 3) action
curl -s -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -X POST "$ANEMLL_HOST/click" -d '{"x":200,"y":150}' >/dev/null

# 4) screenshot again
curl -s -H "Authorization: Bearer $ANEMLL_TOKEN" -X POST "$ANEMLL_HOST/screenshot" >/dev/null
```

### Troubleshooting

If `/health` returns unauthorized:
- Token mismatch or wrong machine.
- Fix:
  - Copy the token from the menu app UI.
  - Re-export:

```sh
export ANEMLL_TOKEN="TOKEN_FROM_UI"
```

- Confirm process listening:

```sh
lsof -nP -iTCP:8765 -sTCP:LISTEN
```

If `/screenshot` returns `screenCaptureNotAllowed`:
- Screen Recording permission not granted to the GUI app.
- Fix:
  - System Settings -> Privacy and Security -> Screen and System Audio Recording -> enable AnemllAgentHost
  - Quit and relaunch app

If click/type does not do anything:
- Accessibility permission missing (or target app blocks automation).
- Fix:
  - System Settings -> Privacy and Security -> Accessibility -> enable AnemllAgentHost
  - Quit and relaunch app

### Safety constraints (Claude must follow)
- Only interact with apps/windows you explicitly intend to test.
- Prefer small, reversible actions.
- After any action that changes state, immediately take a screenshot to confirm.
- Do not type secrets into UI fields unless explicitly instructed.

### Optional
If you want, add a small CLI wrapper (e.g., `ui.sh`) so Claude calls `ui shot`, `ui click 100 200`, `ui type "hi"` instead of raw curl.
